OneofDemo.java
 OneofDemo
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/IntTest.java
 com.section06.models.IntTest
 com.section06.models.IntTest$1
 com.section06.models.IntTest$Builder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/StringTestOrBuilder.java
 com.section06.models.StringTestOrBuilder
BoolDemo.java
 BoolDemo
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/CompanyOrBuilder.java
 com.section06.models.CompanyOrBuilder
StringDemo.java
 StringDemo
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/IntTestOrBuilder.java
 com.section06.models.IntTestOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/PersonOrBuilder.java
 com.section06.models.PersonOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/CarInfo.java
 com.section06.models.CarInfo
 com.section06.models.CarInfo$1
 com.section06.models.CarInfo$Builder
 com.section06.models.CarInfo$CarsDefaultEntryHolder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/TypeByte.java
 com.section06.models.TypeByte
ByteDemo.java
 ByteDemo
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/FieldOneof.java
 com.section06.models.FieldOneof
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/BytesTestOrBuilder.java
 com.section06.models.BytesTestOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/TypeBool.java
 com.section06.models.TypeBool
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/BytesTest.java
 com.section06.models.BytesTest
 com.section06.models.BytesTest$1
 com.section06.models.BytesTest$Builder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/TypeWrapper.java
 com.section06.models.TypeWrapper
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/Company.java
 com.section06.models.Company
 com.section06.models.Company$1
 com.section06.models.Company$2
 com.section06.models.Company$Builder
 com.section06.models.Company$CompanyInfoCase
MapDemo.java
 MapDemo
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/StringTest.java
 com.section06.models.StringTest
 com.section06.models.StringTest$1
 com.section06.models.StringTest$Builder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/PhonesData.java
 com.section06.models.PhonesData
 com.section06.models.PhonesData$1
 com.section06.models.PhonesData$Builder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/Person.java
 com.section06.models.Person
 com.section06.models.Person$1
 com.section06.models.Person$Builder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/BloodType.java
 com.section06.models.BloodType
 com.section06.models.BloodType$1
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/TypeString.java
 com.section06.models.TypeString
IntDemo.java
 IntDemo
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/WrapperIntTestOrBuilder.java
 com.section06.models.WrapperIntTestOrBuilder
RepeatedDemo.java
 RepeatedDemo
WrapperDemo.java
 WrapperDemo
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/WrapperIntTest.java
 com.section06.models.WrapperIntTest
 com.section06.models.WrapperIntTest$1
 com.section06.models.WrapperIntTest$Builder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/BoolTestOrBuilder.java
 com.section06.models.BoolTestOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/FieldRepeated.java
 com.section06.models.FieldRepeated
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/CarInfoOrBuilder.java
 com.section06.models.CarInfoOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/BoolTest.java
 com.section06.models.BoolTest
 com.section06.models.BoolTest$1
 com.section06.models.BoolTest$Builder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/TypeInt.java
 com.section06.models.TypeInt
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/PhonesDataOrBuilder.java
 com.section06.models.PhonesDataOrBuilder
FloatDoubleDemo.java
 FloatDoubleDemo
EnumDemo.java
 EnumDemo
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/FloatDoubleTest.java
 com.section06.models.FloatDoubleTest
 com.section06.models.FloatDoubleTest$1
 com.section06.models.FloatDoubleTest$Builder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/TypeMap.java
 com.section06.models.TypeMap
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/FloatDoubleTestOrBuilder.java
 com.section06.models.FloatDoubleTestOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/TypeFloatDouble.java
 com.section06.models.TypeFloatDouble
proto/main/java/com/section06/models/TypeEnum.java
 com.section06.models.TypeEnum
